Update new signer configuration blog post (#1421)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/blog/2024-01-03-signer-service-new-configuration.md

We highly recommend to update your existing configuration file (`/etc/systemd/system/mithril-signer.service`) with the values specified in the [guide](https://mithril.network/doc/next/manual/getting-started/run-signer-node/#installing-the-service)

> Following this modification, the service need to be restarted with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: Following this modification, the service needs to be restarted with the following command:
```
